============================================================================
CSC 373                            Review                          Fall 2014
============================================================================

Main course topics:

  - Greedy algorithms (including proofs of correctness)
  - Dynamic programming
  - Network flow (properties and problem representation)
  - Linear programming (problem representation)
  - P, NP, NP-completeness, self-reducibility
  - Approximation algorithms (justifying approximation ratio)

---------------------
Studying for the exam
---------------------

For the final exam, you will be allowed to bring ONE 8.5" x 11" sheet of
paper, HANDwritten on both sides, and nothing else (no calculator or other
electronic device -- be aware that the Chief Presiding Officers appointed by
the Faculty of Arts and Science are very strict about taking away
cellphones, pagers, and other unauthorized electronic devices -- see the
note to that effect posted on the Tests/Exam page).

For your aid sheet, I recommend that you start by writing down the main
topics and subtopics of the course, and review all of the lecture and
tutorial notes; make sure that you understand everything in the notes,
including all of the proofs, and ask questions if you don't.

You should also read all of the relevant chapters in the textbook, but you
can safely ignore any sections that cover material that was never mentioned
in lectures, tutorials, homework, or the midterm test.

Make sure you go over ALL of the homework solutions and that you understand
them. Make sure that you also understand the mistakes you may have made, why
they were mistakes, and what the correct answers were. That's the whole
point of learning: to make mistakes and understand the difference between
what's correct and what isn't so that you don't repeat your mistakes!

Also, by reading the posted solutions carefully, you may notice things you
hadn't thought of when you were working on the problems, and maybe learn a
few new techniques or tricks for solving certain types of problems.

Do the same for the midterm test.

As you're going over all of this course material, keep notes on the main
definitions and results, important points, details you know you have trouble
remembering, etc.: this is exactly the stuff that you should put down on
your aid sheet.

Once your aid sheet is ready, the best way to get ready is practice,
practice, practice! Go over as many exercises and problems from the textbook
as you can, and the same for previous year's assignments, tests, and exams
(which you can get from the UofT Library website -- there's a link on the
course webpage).

----------------
Writing the exam
----------------

READ THE QUESTIONS! If you answer the wrong question, even if it's because
you were nervous and you misread it, there is nothing that we can do. If
something is unclear, don't be afraid to ask.

While you're at it, note the total number of pages, questions, and marks.
This will allow you to plan your time carefully, by figuring out how many
minutes you have available for each page/question/mark.

SHOW WHAT YOU KNOW! Your strategy during the exam should be:
  - identify the questions that you know how to answer (this means that you
    must read EVERY question before you start answering any of them);
  - answer those questions right away;
  - go back to the questions you're not sure about, and work on them;
  - if you get stuck on a question, move on to the next one and come back
    later (don't waste your time) -- you can figure out ahead of time how
    much time to devote to each question (based on how much it's worth), and
    stick to that estimate as much as possible.

If you have an idea how to solve a question but no time to do it in detail,
then of course you should write down your idea. Also, you can usually get at
least 1/3 of the marks for any question where you have the correct structure
(i.e., clearly showing that you know what you are supposed to do), even if
you cannot fill in the details (see the next point).

EXPLAIN WHAT YOU'RE DOING! When you give an answer, make sure that you give
at least a short statement of what you're doing before giving us the answer:
if your answer is incorrect, this can make the difference between getting NO
mark (because we can't tell if you understand what you're doing) or getting
part marks (if we see that you have the right idea but simply made a small
error, or that you have the wrong idea but wrote it up correctly).

DON'T RAMBLE! Write concise, to-the-point answers. If you ramble, the
feeling it gives us is that you don't know the correct answer. Also, be
aware that if you give us a correct answer followed by explanations that are
clearly wrong or irrelevant, you will lose marks! So only write down what
you know is correct: if you're not sure, either say so explicitly or don't
say anything.

On the other hand, if you start writing down an answer and you realize that
it's wrong, SAY SO! You'll get more part marks for showing that you
understand your mistake, even if you're not sure how to fix it, than if you
simply leave it like that (which gives the impression that you don't even
realize that what you did was wrong).

On a related note, don't feel like you must fill all of the available space:
it is quite possible that a correct answer will require only part of the
space for some questions.

RELAX! You'll function much better if you are well-rested and relaxed than
if you are tired or tense. If you know that you are the type of person who
gets extremely nervous during a final exam, then take the time to talk to
other people to find out what they do to relax, or go to the Learning Skills
Centre in the Koffler building and talk to the people there. They have
experience helping people cope with "exam anxiety" to allow you to really
show what you know. In extreme cases, they may recommend that you sign up
with Accessibility Services, who can provide you with extra time to write
the exam, etc. -- though at this point, it may be too late to sign up for
this term.

