Question 1: Most people did not understand how to solve this question
(almost no one did). The most popular solution was to take an avg
between min and max and choose edges with minimum distance to this
avg. This solution has a counterexample. Some people proposed strange
ways of selecting the initial value from which they try to minimize
distance of all edges chosen. All these solutions have
counterexamples.

Example 1:
v1 - v2 : cost 9999
v2 - v4 : cost 1
v4 - v3 : cost 9000
v3 - v1 : cost 9000
v1 - v4 : cost 3000

The avg between max and min is 5000. Choosing the first closest edge
to it is 3000. However, the opt is to take 9xxx edges.

Example 2:
v1 - v2 : cost 1000
v1 - v3 : cost 5
v2 - v3 : cost 10

Taking from max to min (reverse of Prim's) results in 1000, 10, which
is not opt.

Example 3:
v1 - v2 : cost 15
v2 - v3 : cost 10
v3 - v4 : cost 10
v4 - v5 : cost 2
v4 - v1 : cost 4
v2 - v5 : cost 1

This example shows that starting from any initial edge and then
choosing edges with min distance to this initial edges doesn't work.

Example 5:
v1 - v2 : cost 9999
v1 - v3 : cost 9000
v2 - v4 : cost 1
v1 - v4 : cost 3000
v3 - v4 : cost 9000
v4 - v5 : cost 5000
v4 - v6 : cost 5000
v4 - v7 : cost 5000

This example shows that if you sort edges in increasing order, and
take the mid edge in this sorted order and then choose edges with min
distance to it, you won't get opt.

Example 6:
v1 - v2 : cost 1000
v1 - v3 : cost 5
v3 - v2 : cost 10
v2 - v4 : cost 800
v2 - v5 : cost 800
v2 - v6 : cost 800

This example shows that if you take the mean of all edges (~569) and
then choose edges closest to the mean, it doesn't produce the optimum
solution.

Question 2: Most people just rewrote the solution from the assignment.
This does not work. The whole point of the question was that you
needed to figure out where to start the initial flight from. You
cannot start from an arbitrary interval (most just started from a1).
Restating the assignment algorithm could give you AT MOST 4 points
(depending on how clear it was written, proof, etc..).

Example 1:
given (a1=1,b1=2); (a2=19, b2=20)
Say c = 21 and t = 6. Then, if you start at a2, you cover everything
at once. However, if you start at a1, you will need another flight.

Example 2:
given (a1=0, b1 = 1), (a2=3, b2=5).
Say c = 21, and t = 6. This shows that you cannot start at the longest
interval.

Question 3: Most people understood that a modification of the
assignment algorithm works here. Marks awarded for this question were
high.
